Add note to discourage using LXD commands (#211)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: howto/container/start.md

`<container id>` is the ID of the container that you want to start.

[note type="information" status="Important"]

> Do not use the `lxd` command to start a container. Always use the `amc` command instead. Anbox Cloud containers have their own lifecycle and using the `lxd` command to start a container can cause the container to be out of sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use the `lxc` command to manage a container. Always use the `amc` command instead. Anbox Cloud containers have their own lifecycle and using the `lxc` command to manage a container can cause the container to be out of sync.
```

> Do not use the `lxc` command to manage a container. Always use the `amc` command instead. Anbox Cloud containers have their own lifecycle and using the `lxc` command to manage a container can cause the container to be out of sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not use the `lxc` command to manage a container. Always use the `amc` command instead. Anbox Cloud containers have their own life cycle and using the `lxc` command to manage a container can cause the container to be out of sync.
```
Same below - then the spell checker should be happy. :)
